---
title: Disclaimer
summary: 
tags:
- Disclaimer
date: "2020-08-19T00:00:00Z"

---

**Website**

Website Content: Alex Hildebrandt, if no other author is provided: Alex Hildebrandt

**Declaration about the editorial policy**

This a personal blog by Alex Hildebrandt. It focuses on Extracellular vesicle research and data analysis:

*Shiny Apps
*Big data handling
*Static and dynamic webdevelopement
*etc.

The content of this website is my personal opinion. The purpose of this website is not commercial and is, therefore, no professional service provided.

**Editorial work**
   
Editorial staff: Dr. Peter Baumgartner

Powered by: Hugo, using blogdown and the Hugo Academic Framework.

The information contained on https://alex.hildebrandt.org website (the "Service") is for general information purposes only.

The owner of this website assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents on the Service.

In no event shall this website be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service. The owner of this website reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modification to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice. The text under the horizontal rule of this Disclaimer for Educational Patterns is generated by TermsFeed

The owner of this website does not warrant that the website is free of viruses or other harmful components.